README.md, before:

# user-management-system

* Flyway
  * Run flyway command as `./gradlew flywayMigrate -Dflyway.user=xxx -Dflyway.password=xxx`
    * For first run, append `-Dflyway.baselineOnMigrate=true` to set baseline migration
  * Clear database (DELETES EVERYTHING)
    * `./gradlew flywayMigrate -Dflyway.user=xxx -Dflyway.password=xxx -Dflyway.cleanDisabled=false`


user, user_address
    superuser - CRUD
    others - can only view/update their own
roles
    superuser - CRUD
    poweruser - R
permissions
    superuser - CRUD
    poweruser - R


ResponseCrudInfo and ResponsePageInfo need to be implemented
    ResponsePageInfo requires RequestMetadata implemented
        Do it at last, for users and permissions


Remaining (thoughts)
    -> Add a table for app
        -> link users to app (this needs a join table)
        -> link permissions to app (FK app to app_table.name)
        -> validate against the app table
        -> use shortened UUID (random 8 digits without -) for PK
    -> Update check permission
        -> users only allowed to read and update their own user entity
    -> No more 24 hours JWT, use refresh tokens
    -> Audits
    -> Swagger Documentation
    -> Unit and Integration tests


when login
    -> check app, email
    -> check if app is deleted
    -> check if user is deleted
    -> check if user status active or not

Commit message:

Add new table for apps contd...

README.md, after:

# user-management-system

* Flyway
  * Run flyway command as `./gradlew flywayMigrate -Dflyway.user=xxx -Dflyway.password=xxx`
    * For first run, append `-Dflyway.baselineOnMigrate=true` to set baseline migration
  * Clear database (DELETES EVERYTHING)
    * `./gradlew flywayMigrate -Dflyway.user=xxx -Dflyway.password=xxx -Dflyway.cleanDisabled=false`


user, user_address
    superuser - CRUD
    others - can only view/update their own
roles
    superuser - CRUD
    poweruser - R
permissions
    superuser - CRUD
    poweruser - R


ResponseCrudInfo and ResponsePageInfo need to be implemented
    ResponsePageInfo requires RequestMetadata implemented
        Do it at last, for users and permissions


Remaining (thoughts)
    -> In authenv_service add a map object for appId <-> redirectUrl
        -> then use that redirectUrl in stead of redirectUrl in AppUserNoAuthController
    -> Update check permission
        -> users only allowed to read and update their own user entity
    -> No more 24 hours JWT, use refresh tokens
    -> Audits
    -> Swagger Documentation
    -> Unit and Integration tests
